[Music]
Okay, let's jump in with Anabel.
Since we're talking about Isabel
Pantoja, I don't know if you want to comment
a little bit. First, I have a little
video from social it from this
weekend in which it seems that we have a
little bit of good news that
not many people like either, but well,
for us, it's channels you ad
entirely to Isabel Pantoja and there are no
headlines. Of course, I start watching it
and some videos are breaking news and
now 8 minutes the breaking news is that there is no
breaking news and they don't know
yet how come she hasn't said anything, no matter, of
course I say three or four you know
but there is something and I don't see anything, of course, there is a
topic. Hey, it's a topic that gets
traffic and and people are interested and And it's that there are
a lot of headlines And such. But
nothing comes out, no. I mean, they haven't said anything
new, not what we uploaded, damn, the last
time I was with you we talked about the same thing,
no, that Antonio Rossi had said that
within what there is, they are not going to say
what is because they are not going to say what is
known. I  I imagine that you will
know because man Anabel Pantoja gets
along with this world no and and there are
people who know it But they are not going to
clarify it Because I don't think it is
necessary to clarify it nor nor I mean no it is not
part of her job it is something of the
Private life of the life of the girl
not of the health of the girl but what
Antonio Ros talked about the other day that
in almost s a major scare
because it is a major scare
em Well it seems that there is a
little calm or or it is going on the
march as it should be the improvement which
is very slow not talking about this I have
how I I forgot to tell you the
topics I have to tell an exclusive on
this topic no Ah but they are eh No Well it is not nor They are
three words they are three
words but it is it is an exclusive because
and it is good it is eh eh it is from but of course no no
no there has to be 1000 likes No no it
is good and it is come on as soon as I tell you you
will know that it is like this you will know that
that and I can say it eh I can say it that's why I am
going to say it here  It's about
Rafael's topic. Ah, okay, okay. Come on,
when we're done with this.
Meanwhile, people are giving it a like. Here, you
have to give it a like. At least
20 of us will reach the goal. I'll
count it. And with 1,000 likes on V, the goal. The
family will come and I'll count it. Let's
listen to what they've said. Here's the latest
news.
Yes, how are you? Very good, guys. Well, we
continue, as we were saying before, with that
positivity, with that good news
because, I emphasize, Hello, I have been able to speak with
sources close to Rafael Pantoja, and I quote
verbatim and I open quotation marks. You can
say that we are facing the beginning of the
miracle that we hope for. Therefore, we
continue to receive that
positive news. As I say, we continue to
face the miracle that we hope for.
Therefore, Saturday,
Sunday, day of positive news,
here at the doors of the hospital. Well,
how good, thank you. Look, my
hair has really stood on end
because we are very happy about the
beginning of the miracle and we are
sure that in no time, they will be that
happy family walking along the beach in
Gran Canaria. I think we all live
very intensely.  this information So
this news is
incredibly good for everyone gra
Well that's what I'm telling you or rather the same thing
that was said the other day Wait wait this was
this afternoon no and I have another
party clip that says eh Also
wait I have something else it's that
my goodness let's see um it's
like each media outlet says one thing look look
how it is it's that I want to
read it Yes but what are they going to say differently let's
see what they said something different somewhere else Let's
see they're telling me to look
readings at 8 in the evening
the influx of friends and family decreases the
positive evolution of the little alma
alma would be reflected in the lesser
presence of the couple's environment this
information would coincide with there being less and
less influx of visitors Although
their friends and family have not wanted to
leave them alone at any time eh Isa
Pantoja returns to her work okay eh What do you
know What is the one who said it referring to
because she said it as if it were it's that it's
all Anabel readings is
right now everything the whole Anabel issue I understand
so many headlines from Anabel if
nothing is coming out because it works
eh the  words from belen Esteban before
returning home you are supporting her
friend okay belen I see her happier you see she
smiles At least she smiles and they talk that's
a very good sign you know if you have to
read between the lines and they are let's go we are
enormously happy
ah talking very well that I thought there was I do
n't know who that was someone
Talking
clearly about my things my things what video were we
going to watch Talking clearly about what That
no that I had understood that I don't know who was
talking clearly about the subject I say my goodness ah
eh Well then I'm going to steal a little bit
Talking clearly a video because we're going to
see it from lisa mulia and he already has it with
the filter on and all that I'm going to
steal a little bit I hope you don't
mind let's see a click too that he
put no don't give me a
strike and his face
from
his yav they have been accompanied by
family and friends all day we have been
seeing
relatives arrive spend last weekend
Without leaving their cousin they returned to
the Peninsula for commitments and for the
moment they have not returned nothing
with here another weekend Of course it's
another weekend  that in order not to be
separated from her great friend some who
arrive We are already here accompanying of
course because the same as they would
do with any of us and
others who leave Isabel Pantoja flew
yesterday in a private plane to Madrid after
spending the week glued to her niece but
Anabel is not left alone until the
hospital her close ones keep arriving
Susana bug love Romeira and of course
her unconditional support her mother how are you how are
those spirits is better is better
Mer's face has been the mirror of the
situation all these days although
fortunately and according to the
information the little soul is better
and Anabel And David is being lifted
from the street and and everything
thank you very much for being here
thank you man he looks better no the
mother no let's see everyone everyone I don't say I not
everyone the face is the mirror of the soul Look
Isabel Pantoja positively surprises me
I'm glad that she was there for
a week supporting her niece
I have to throw the chicken I feel very
sorry that she doesn't love her daughter but well
each one and their circumstances a shame
e Beln Esteban Look at least she says
a few words at the beginning everyone
was silent
eh And well everyone is going back to their
work and in the end that says that well that which
I believe little by little I don't know if it's
a miracle as they have commented there but it
seems that the hopes are getting
higher and that is brutal news
because
honestly what happens what happens it's
mounted it's dismantled for you The total
total Total that initially it didn't seem
so clear because it has been lived with a lot of
tension and it has been a very big scare
so it's that I was watching the
video and I wasn't realizing that it
is already the second weekend Of course
when I said no Kiko and Isabel have already
returned and it's like no no Of course it's
true isapi returned but of course
Now it seems that this weekend well
everyone will have gone there again
em important Beln Esteban Kiko Rivera
eh all these mentions on tele5
important man of course it's that t of course it's that of
course when there is news Yes I
think that you can't dedicate yourself to
omitting I think that those above have
said eh we lower the bar here we tell
what we have  what to tell but man
eh I want to tell you if Beln Esteban
breaks her leg which I hope doesn't
happen to her again I don't think they're going to
tell it at the party see this van if it's an
isolated news of hers I don't think now well
that it has to do with it Besides
Beto is so much on Antena 3 now
Spanish television Well he's not going to say
Tele5 ea Eh well you don't know I think they haven't
realized that it doesn't benefit them
and well it seems that the people banned are getting
fewer and fewer there's not
four or five left no the four or
five we're damned So to speak
and man it's as if I told you that
God forbid but to give an
example Ortega Cano
m I don't know Eh well man I say that they would
deal with the subject they will deal with
Antena 3 would deal with Spanish television
And what is Tele5 going to do No well man I
say that yes Gloria Camila would bring up the
voices they seem so absurd to me from the
first moment because the subjects are what they
are and the ones that arise and the
characters you can't avoid that a
public figure a popular figure
is a popular character or whatever  absurd I
mean there's not going to be a Kiko Rivera there's not
going to cease to exist an Antonio David
because you but although Antonio avid yes they have
taken away a little of his existence
eh No a little they haven't taken away
absolutely
yoc flowers I think those three and let's see a
survivor not long ago no I mean Olga
had a survivor not long ago true
but what happens is that when she
disappeared either but by her
own decision she disappeared a little but what happens with Olga
is a little because she herself is not
doing much to appear
because I think that Olga would appear
coo it's true it's true it's true it's true it's
true you are absolutely right
there I haven't realized that then we have to
comment on something related to Olga
indirectly which is that I don't know how I didn't
realize as soon as I saw it I say
my goodness How much does it have to do with one
topic but then we enter into
another topic since it has nothing to do with
this eh It has nothing to do with this passing
this topic Simply say that from
here we send her a huge kiss I don't
think anyone in the family will see us no
one has ever contacted me  of the
Pantoja family or anything, I think, but well,
from here, just in case by chance they
saw us or heard us, I'm sending a
big hug to Anbel and wishing her,
well, the best wishes that could be
wished for, that I, as a father, who feels her
by the hand, and that and that I'm happy about every piece of
news, every time it's positive, and that and I'll
tell you one thing. Look, it's what
Vanessa says, that they went out on the street with
friends and Beln was also laughing, I mean,
smiling, and that, Hey, that's a
wonderful sign. I hope it continues like this, that
little by little things get better, and we've
forgotten one thing. Look at what Pilar
Moya says about Buenafuente on Spanish television
too. Oh, well, let's see. Well,
Buenafuente, they had a good relationship, they didn't
collaborate a bit. No, but it has
n't been discussed, I haven't discussed the
good relationship. It's that it's that's all. Two plus Two, it's that it's Two plus
Two make four, it's that
Two plus Two make two too,
but well, yes, let's see, but well.
[Music]